Hide my account link in password reset flow when my account is disabled (#7049)
wso2/identity-apps: .changeset/big-days-rush.md

---
"@wso2is/identity-apps-core": patch
---

> Remove my account link in password reset flow when my account is off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hide my account link in password reset flow when my account is disabled
```
